docs/docs/Hardware/Module Class.md, before:

# XtsMotorModule Class

## Overview

The module class is the basic element of any XTS system, this class is its software representation. The module uses its XtsIoEnv interfaceto pull data about each module direct from the XPU. The main function of the class is to monitor the module for issues in its electrical system. Higher level errors are pushed into the movers, part and tracks.

## Class Diagram

```mermaid

classDiagram
    class I_XtsMotorModule{
        +SetInSim()
        +Is24VOK()
        +Is48VOK()
        +GetLatestDiagMessage()
        +AckDiagMsg()
    }

    class XtsMotorModule{
        +SetInSim()
        +Is24VOK()
        +Is48VOK()
        +GetLatestDiagMessage()
        +AckDiagMsg()
        +MyXtsIoEnvVarInterface
    }

    class CyclicBase{
        +Cycle()
    }

    class I_Initialisable{
        +Initialise()
        +IsInitialised()
    }

    I_XtsMotorModule <|-- XtsMotorModule : implements
    I_Initialisable <|-- XtsMotorModule : implements
    XtsMotorModule --|> CyclicBase
```

## Implements

Inside the Part class is the following:
```
_MyModuleIoInterface : I_TcIoXtsPartModule;
```
This interface is populated in the initialise phase of the [Part](./Part%20Class.md). It is via this function that the Module Class class can perform tasks listed below. 

### Cycle

The cycle method of the Module class performs 2 functions:

1. it cyclically updates stauts data for the module using the following calls:
```
CurrentLive:= _MyModuleIoInterface.GetOverallCurrent();
MaxCurrent:=  _MyModuleIoInterface.GetMaxOverallCurrentLast500ms();
Module24Vdc := _MyModuleIoInterface.GetAuxiliaryVoltage24V();
Module48Vdc := _MyModuleIoInterface.GetDCLinkVoltage();
ModuleState := _MyModuleIoInterface.GetDriveState();
ModuleStatus := _MyModuleIoInterface.GetDriveStatusInfo();
```
with this we can look through the modules to see any hardware issues that may be present.

2. it responds to any fault by reading all the diagnostic data from the physical module and storing it in an array of messages:

```
IF ModuleError.UnackMsgsAvailable THEN
	NewDiagMessageCount := ModuleError.UnackMsgCount;
	FOR i := 1 TO 25 DO
		ModuleDiagMessages[i] := NullMessage;
	END_FOR
	ModuleDiagMessages := ModuleError.DiagHistory.aDiagHistoryMsg;
END_IF

ErrorTrigger(CLK := ModuleState = DriveState.Fault OR ModuleState = DriveState.FaultReactionActive);
IF ErrorTrigger.Q OR ReadDiagHistory THEN
	ReadDiagHistory := TRUE;
	if ModuleError.UpdateDiagHistory() THEN
		ReadDiagHistory := FALSE;
	END_IF
END_IF
```
This can then be pulled out by the Part class that manages the module and offered up to a logging system.

### Initialise

## Interface

### SetInSim()

This method is used by the part class to set the module into sim mode, this detection is done at the [Hardware Class](./Hardware%20Class.md) level and passed down to the module through the parent part.

### Is24VOK()

This method returns a TRUE value if the module has 24Vdc +-20%, this is the rated values, however practically the voltage should never vary that much and steps should be taken if the voltage is outside +-2%.

### Is48VOK()

This method returns a TRUE value if the module has 48Vdc +-10%, this is the rated values, however practically the voltage should never vary that much and steps should be taken if the voltage is outside +-2%. This will affect the system as this provides the motive power to the movers.

### GetLatestDiagMessage()

The module cyclic reads the diagnostic messages if availble, this method then returns the first available message. 

### AckDiagMsg()

This method allows the user to acknowledge any diagnostics messages, to stop them being resent to the controller.

Commit message:

added detail to the module docu for the initialise method

docs/docs/Hardware/Module Class.md, after:

# XtsMotorModule Class

## Overview

The module class is the basic element of any XTS system, this class is its software representation. The module uses its XtsIoEnv interfaceto pull data about each module direct from the XPU. The main function of the class is to monitor the module for issues in its electrical system. Higher level errors are pushed into the movers, part and tracks.

## Class Diagram

```mermaid

classDiagram
    class I_XtsMotorModule{
        +SetInSim()
        +Is24VOK()
        +Is48VOK()
        +GetLatestDiagMessage()
        +AckDiagMsg()
    }

    class XtsMotorModule{
        +SetInSim()
        +Is24VOK()
        +Is48VOK()
        +GetLatestDiagMessage()
        +AckDiagMsg()
        +MyXtsIoEnvVarInterface
    }

    class CyclicBase{
        +Cycle()
    }

    class I_Initialisable{
        +Initialise()
        +IsInitialised()
    }

    I_XtsMotorModule <|-- XtsMotorModule : implements
    I_Initialisable <|-- XtsMotorModule : implements
    XtsMotorModule --|> CyclicBase
```

## Implements

Inside the Part class is the following:
```
_MyModuleIoInterface : I_TcIoXtsPartModule;
```
This interface is populated in the initialise phase of the [Part](./Part%20Class.md). It is via this function that the Module Class class can perform tasks listed below. 

### Cycle

The cycle method of the Module class performs 2 functions:

1. it cyclically updates stauts data for the module using the following calls:
```
CurrentLive:= _MyModuleIoInterface.GetOverallCurrent();
MaxCurrent:=  _MyModuleIoInterface.GetMaxOverallCurrentLast500ms();
Module24Vdc := _MyModuleIoInterface.GetAuxiliaryVoltage24V();
Module48Vdc := _MyModuleIoInterface.GetDCLinkVoltage();
ModuleState := _MyModuleIoInterface.GetDriveState();
ModuleStatus := _MyModuleIoInterface.GetDriveStatusInfo();
```
with this we can look through the modules to see any hardware issues that may be present.

2. it responds to any fault by reading all the diagnostic data from the physical module and storing it in an array of messages:

```
IF ModuleError.UnackMsgsAvailable THEN
	NewDiagMessageCount := ModuleError.UnackMsgCount;
	FOR i := 1 TO 25 DO
		ModuleDiagMessages[i] := NullMessage;
	END_FOR
	ModuleDiagMessages := ModuleError.DiagHistory.aDiagHistoryMsg;
END_IF

ErrorTrigger(CLK := ModuleState = DriveState.Fault OR ModuleState = DriveState.FaultReactionActive);
IF ErrorTrigger.Q OR ReadDiagHistory THEN
	ReadDiagHistory := TRUE;
	if ModuleError.UpdateDiagHistory() THEN
		ReadDiagHistory := FALSE;
	END_IF
END_IF
```
This can then be pulled out by the Part class that manages the module and offered up to a logging system.

### Initialise

The initialise method only runs once the module interface has been passed in, it only runs once and its only function is to grab existing messages from the module as well as its name and drive identity.

## Interface

### SetInSim()

This method is used by the part class to set the module into sim mode, this detection is done at the [Hardware Class](./Hardware%20Class.md) level and passed down to the module through the parent part.

### Is24VOK()

This method returns a TRUE value if the module has 24Vdc +-20%, this is the rated values, however practically the voltage should never vary that much and steps should be taken if the voltage is outside +-2%.

### Is48VOK()

This method returns a TRUE value if the module has 48Vdc +-10%, this is the rated values, however practically the voltage should never vary that much and steps should be taken if the voltage is outside +-2%. This will affect the system as this provides the motive power to the movers.

### GetLatestDiagMessage()

The module cyclic reads the diagnostic messages if availble, this method then returns the first available message. 

### AckDiagMsg()

This method allows the user to acknowledge any diagnostics messages, to stop them being resent to the controller.
