docs/docs/Hardware/Track Class.md, before:

# Track Class

## Overview

The Track class represents a group of parts, it is the governor for them, bringing together diagnostic and control data for all Parts included in its set up. This class represents that function, allowing resetting and status checks on the parts within.


## Class Diagram

```mermaid

classDiagram
    class I_XtsTrack{
        <<interface>>
        +RemoveFromDetection()
        +SetForDetection()
        +NumberOfPartsInTrack
        +TrackLength
    }

    class XtsTrack{
        +RemoveFromDetection()
        +SetForDetection()
        +NumberOfPartsInTrack
        +MyXtsIoEnvVarInterface
        +TrackLength
    }

    class CyclicBase{
        +Cycle()
    }

    class I_Initialisable{
        +Initialise()
        +IsInitialised()
    }

    I_XtsTrack <|-- XtsTrack : implements
    I_Initialisable <|-- XtsTrack : implements
    XtsTrack --|> CyclicBase
```

## Implementation

Inside the Part class is the following:
```
_MyInterface : I_TcIoXtsXpuTrack;
```
This interface is populated in the initialise phase of the [hardware](Hardware%20Class.md). It is via this function that the Track class can perform tasks listed below. 

### Cycle

### Initialise

## Interface

### RemoveFromDetection()

Returns a TRUE if the track successfully calls the SetIsIncludedInDetection(FALSE) command

### SetForDetection()

Returns a TRUE if the track successfully calls the SetIsIncludedInDetection(TRUE) command

### NumberOfPartsInTrack

Returns the number of detected parts in track

### TrackLength

Returns the configured length of the track

Commit message:

added state machine for track initialise docu

docs/docs/Hardware/Track Class.md, after:

# Track Class

## Overview

The Track class represents a group of parts, it is the governor for them, bringing together diagnostic and control data for all Parts included in its set up. This class represents that function, allowing resetting and status checks on the parts within.


## Class Diagram

```mermaid

classDiagram
    class I_XtsTrack{
        <<interface>>
        +RemoveFromDetection()
        +SetForDetection()
        +NumberOfPartsInTrack
        +TrackLength
    }

    class XtsTrack{
        +RemoveFromDetection()
        +SetForDetection()
        +NumberOfPartsInTrack
        +MyXtsIoEnvVarInterface
        +TrackLength
    }

    class CyclicBase{
        +Cycle()
    }

    class I_Initialisable{
        +Initialise()
        +IsInitialised()
    }

    I_XtsTrack <|-- XtsTrack : implements
    I_Initialisable <|-- XtsTrack : implements
    XtsTrack --|> CyclicBase
```

## Implementation

Inside the Part class is the following:
```
_MyInterface : I_TcIoXtsXpuTrack;
```
This interface is populated in the initialise phase of the [hardware](Hardware%20Class.md). It is via this function that the Track class can perform tasks listed below. 

### Cycle

The cyclic method simply checks cyclic maintainence parameters, in the current case this is simply the check on track being in detection or not.

### Initialise

The initialise method sets up the track class, there is not a lot ot set up here, but it follows this state machine:

```mermaid
---
title: Track Initialise
---
stateDiagram-v2
    [*] --> Check_Interface
    Check_Interface --> [*]

    Check_Interface --> Check_Number_Of_Parts
    Check_Number_Of_Parts --> Get_Part_Info
    Get_Part_Info --> Read_In_Track_Details
    Read_In_Track_Details --> [*]
```

## Interface

### RemoveFromDetection()

Returns a TRUE if the track successfully calls the SetIsIncludedInDetection(FALSE) command

### SetForDetection()

Returns a TRUE if the track successfully calls the SetIsIncludedInDetection(TRUE) command

### NumberOfPartsInTrack

Returns the number of detected parts in track

### TrackLength

Returns the configured length of the track
